RHDEVDOCS-5247: Documentation for Pipelines Resolvers (#60482)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/op-resolver-cluster-config.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// // *openshift_pipelines/remote-pipelines-tasks-resolvers.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="resolver-cluster-config_{context}"]
= Configuring the cluster resolver

> Optionally, you can change the default kind and namespace for the cluster resolver or limit the namespaces that the cluster resolver can use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the default kind and namespace for the cluster resolver, or limit the namespaces that the cluster resolver can use.
```

.Procedure

. To edit the `TektonConfig` custom resource, enter the following command:
+
[source,terminal]
----
$ oc edit TektonConfig config
----
+

> . In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, specify configuration in the `pipeline.cluster-resolver-config` spec:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the `TektonConfig` custom resource, edit the `pipeline.cluster-resolver-config` spec:
```
